Add Tech Radar review process (#13)
ovotech/ovo-com-tech-radar: README.md

  engineers in our organisation have used them before and will share knowledge
  and experiences.
- **Hold**  
   Technologies not recommended to be used for new projects. Technologies that we

>   think are not (yet) worth to (further) invest in. The technologies should not be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  think are not (yet) mature enough to warrant continued investment. The technologies should not be
```

technology can be promoted to the Adopt quadrant, needs more evidence and
further evaluation (and therefore needs to remain in Trial) or should be put on
Hold going forwards. In case the technology is put on hold, you might be
required to migrate to one of the adopted technologies instead, however, in some
circumstances it might be acceptable to continue using the technology for your
particular use case without adopting it organisation-wide - this will be
considered on case by case basis.

### Re-evaluate if appropriate

A proposal to re-evaluate any existing technology being on Hold can be made at
any time to resume the process from the point it was decided to put that
technology on Hold. The proposal should be supported by any evidence that makes
the decision to put the technology on Hold no longer relevant, e.g. the
technology has matured enough, and the main concerns have been addressed since
it was last reviewed. The proposal will be reviewed, and a decision will be made
by the HoE after considering the recommendation from the Tech Radar Advisory
Group on whether the process can be resumed or the technology should remain on
Hold.

> See the following flowchart for a sunmmary of the process:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
See the following flowchart for a summary of the process:
```
